hello again youtubers in Pokemon card
fans I am 24/7 of Pokemon cars 24/7 and
owner of the Pope gay capital calm today
we're zoomed out against we got another
larger sized opening we have the
Japanese lizard on mega battle pack I
believe this is our first Japanese
opening on this channel actually got a
box of various Japanese things I think
like two three months cool I just
haven't got around to opening this
channel so let me know in the comments
below if you want to see more Japanese
stuff I have some Japanese boxes of the
Furious fist equivalent I think the
first XY set or flash by air and a few
other things but let me know let's get a
quick glance here that's what we can
expect to find inside its be interesting
test for me as being my first Japanese
opening I'll have to you know try to
know the names by heart
and while I've done plenty hopings and
stuff I mean Luc read the names off the
card so we'll see how that goes with me
just with the name recall seen only the
pictures you know nuzleaf shiftry
Rosalia i should be okay but i'm sure
will be some newer ones that I'm not
familiar with enough yet that all kind
of get stumped on so first let's show
you this very large cool poster best
that we can look we have our larger set
here I'll still kinda hold it sideways
but shows you every card from I think
the flash fire equivalent you can see
all full arts and stuff in the set there
so those are the cards appear in flash
fire I used to good majority of em I
think that's all the full arts pretty
sure and then on the back some very cool
art of the lizard on mega battle me and
see at all pretty well just not the text
the bottom it just says later said but
I'll make a battle so very cool cool you
get that in every mega battle pack now
do get extras I have like a dozen of
these altogether so assume I don't
actually open them all on video oh you
may throw some on the Polka capital comm
or something for you guys and uh
actually have a pretty big announcement
coming in the next few days most likely
so stay tuned for that
and that's all I'll say about that right
now the problem we get in this one is a
chest but I can zoom in now that we're
down to the pack portion so yet month
one of three
I love the starters as a foil Pro this
is from old 0:34 /xy - P it's a very
cool foil arbor yep that's it's pretty
looks more fancy than the American ones
so let's see here we got the flash fires
oops
flash fire X Y I think they usually have
like half sets compared to ours again
I'm not super familiar with Japanese
stuff this again is my first video for
it so my knowledge we limit so yeah
these are both XY one I'm not sure if
you get toy tipping cards in each but I
guess we'll small probably really tell
from the limited packs but that's XY -
so flash fire so we'll go to order X Y
flash fire let's see so there's no I
guess there is a little preparation
there just enough said get in there not
sure that's the best way to open them
but we'll kind of figure it out as we go
here I suppose day I don't know many
pack tricks for the easel we'll play it
by ear
we got tail Oh cotton me probably wrong
Volbeat
Toros and a fennec kin I believe and no
fennekin Brack Seon Praxian oh this is
to be a challenge for me so no hollow in
that pack if I remember I think back in
the day when they had more cards per
pack in Japan I think they had a hollow
in every pack at least like witness when
it was new like jungle the second set
ever pretty sure that had a foil in
every pack so here we got sim me mmm
where's that pan that's pan and pan poor
pan pan pan sage I don't know Oh Sandile
spoink professor Sycamore and Max
revived maybe something like that
it's been a long time since I look at
cards that were not English and had to
like know what they were Jigglypuff I
know you let's see oh and as you can see
the X packs they're in a blue and the Y
packs are in red and I think there are
260 card sets then so there they
combined for a big set but there are
also their own individual sets so we got
Jigglypuff bibarel spritzee I think
Wigglytuff and oh I know who you are
I am blanking though tier no tier no I
think it is yes here no haven't played
the x and y - sir
yeah XY ok those games in a while I've
been bad at doing the walkthroughs on
this channel I tried doing a couple
different ones but just the fact that I
don't have the modded D s so I have to
record the actual screen I feel like
it's time a waste there's so many other
youtubers who have that Duty better
quality so until if for when I get one
of my own I'll probably avoid doing the
Let's Plays on vid BS going forward just
so yeah we got another bed where L
another spritzee hone edge red card and
lady bah her no that's lady in that's
lady ba that's lady in I believe so no
foils of any kind yet so far so
disappointing come on Charizard on a
flash fire let's do this Charizard he
lists down and them in the tin case and
the single tin opening you're due to
give us some awesomeness binary shanks
Duskull Snorlax and a Lysander and then
just a little insert card which I have
that as well that I can hop on this
channel at some point if you guys would
like to see that I can definitely open
that up for you so last
we gotta get least one foil here don't
we I see some other openings from like
Jordan Japan and stuff and they get such
awesome poles it seems in these in that
annual I'd try my luck for the first
time and we are wishing hard core it's
we got Pidgeotto said balls RPG so it's
not pitch yet I could tell that
litleo balls in the pyro think that's
right by nickel there's that hollow that
is uh florges two goes flabébé
floette florges so yes it's florges and
then melt ink go Wisconsin then a
different insert car which looks like it
a little bit of a checklist as well and
shows you a couple cards you can get
within this actual set so not the best
of pulls obviously no X is just the one
hollow rare and we get the chespin as
well so cumin better on average this is
gotta be below average but oh well if
you want to see me open the same thing
again in the future let me know we'll
see if we get better polls open
different Japanese things far come back
to this same product most likely but
we'll see how that goes so meantime
please subscribe
kiss Rick thumbs up turn to the Pope
cake capital calm like it on Facebook
and follow us on Twitter of all those
links are below and stay tuned in the
coming days for some big announcements
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next video